I got to the upper trellis
this plaid cucumber
Ivan attempts to tomato because he already
wrapped around them what i do in
In this case, but this case is very necessary
neatly so if you don't have one
experience again here i have a loop
on done very loosely and that is to
don't pinch yourself just me and
raise higher honestly raise raise
so neat
here
even higher and the whip itself
quietly omit here she herself under
the actual gravity drops only
fragile stalks walked very carefully
cucumber they are here hooked do not want
go down here he himself for the trellis
caught neatly with cotton
attack and here it is narrowly hooked and
quietly gently gently omit
here
Basically, you can still raise, lower, or
here here we twist the string to
Us the lash did not fall and did not break, but
so down already nothing will give us
here urine raked
neatly laid ring again
very neat and that's such a stud when
spire or
so its not going out on the plain
very very neat and take from
humus earth or something who has
compost here you can make another 60
to
where they were issued this part
take root and the cucumber will continue then
have we can extend the time
fruiting plant like this
here we are well
zamulchirovali material charms cut
lower lash here it is whip nothing too
won't give us that is here because of
lack of illumination simply
envy withered we clean it
you can leave this shoulder here personally
the best will be able to put it
cutting exactly this cucumber further
what do we have here can people
leave here here now go further
on the main stalks
cucumbers here eset here they will continue
fruiting the plant until they come
colds here we take mustaches in order not to
no extra energy from the plant
neatly further obliged again
that is, if we don’t have this procedure
would have made the plants simply
and would have grown together he would have gone under the roof
greenhouse useful side tomato
would start choking and now here we have
there is no such sheet apparatus and
the sun falls on the spot